README.md, before:

# Installation

- npm install

## Run tests

- npm test

### Compilation of JavaScript exercises / Ejercicios de Javascript.

1.- Write a program that writes on screen a text that says "Hello World" /// Escribe un programa que escriba en la pantalla un texto que diga “Hello World”.

2.- Write a one-line program that prints the result of adding 3 + 5 to the screen. /// Escribe un programa de una sola línea que escriba en la pantalla el resultado de sumar 3 + 5.

3.- Write a program that asks for the user's name with a prompt and writes a text that says "Hello username" /// Escribe un programa que pida el nombre del usuario con un prompt y escriba un texto que diga “Hola nombreUsuario”

4.- Write a program that asks for one number, asks for another number, and writes the result of adding these two numbers. /// Escribe un programa que pida un número, pida otro número y escriba el resultado de sumar estos dos números.

5.- Write a program that asks for two numbers and writes to the screen which is the greater. /// Escribe un programa que pida dos números y escriba en la pantalla cual es el mayor.

6.- Write a program that asks for 3 numbers and writes the largest of the three to the screen. /// Escribe un programa que pida 3 números y escriba en la pantalla el mayor de los tres.

7.- Write a program that asks for a number and tells if it is divisible by 2 /// Escribe un programa que pida un número y diga si es divisible por 2.

8.- Write a program that asks for a phrase and writes how many times the letter a appears. /// Escribe un programa que pida una frase y escriba cuantas veces aparece la letra a

9.- Write a program that asks for a phrase and writes the vowels that appear /// Escribe un programa que pida una frase y escriba las vocales que aparecen

10.- Write a program that asks for a phrase and writes how many vowels are in the phrase. /// Escribe un programa que pida una frase y escriba cuantas vocales hay en la frase.

11.- Write a program that asks for a phrase and writes how many times each of the vowels appears /// Escribe un programa que pida una frase y escriba cuántas veces aparecen cada una de las vocales

12.- Write a program that asks for a number and tells us if it is divisible by 2, 3, 5 or 7 (you just have to check if it is divisible by one of the four) /// Escribe un programa que pida un número y nos diga si es divisible por 2, 3, 5 o 7 (sólo hay que comprobar si lo es por uno de los cuatro)

13.- Add to the previous exercise: program should tells us by which of the four it is divisible (we must say all by which it is divisible) /// Añadir al ejercicio anterior: que nos diga por cuál de los cuatro es divisible (hay que decir todos por los que es divisible)

14.- Write a program that prints the divisors of a given number to the screen. /// Escribir un programa que escriba en pantalla los divisores de un número dado

15.- Write a program that prints to the screen the common divisors of two given numbers. /// Escribir un programa que escriba en pantalla los divisores comunes de dos números dados

16.- Write a program that tells us if a given number is prime (it is not divisible by any number other than itself or the unit) /// Escribir un programa que nos diga si un número dado es primo (no es divisible por ninguno otro número que no sea él mismo o la unidad)

17.- Create a program that asks for the age and if he is over 18 indicates that he can drive. /// Crea un programa que pida la edad y si es mayor de 18 indica que puede conducir.

18.- Ask for a note (number). Shows the grade according to the note: /// Pide una nota (número). Muestra la calificación según la nota: 0-3: Too poor /// Muy deficiente 3-5: Insufficient /// Insuficiente 5-6: Pass /// Suficiente 6-7: Good /// Bien 7-9: Remarkable /// Notable 9-10: Outstanding /// Sobresaliente

19.- Calculate the letter of the ID. The algorithm to calculate the letter of the ID is as follows: /// Calcula la letra del DNI (Documento nacional de identidad). El algoritmo para calcular la letra del dni es el siguiente :

The number must be between 0 and 99999999. 
We must calculate the remainder of the integer division between the number and the number 23. 
Depending on the result, from 0 to 22, one of the following letters will correspond:
(T, R, W, A, G, M, Y, F, P, D, X, B, N, J, Z, S, Q, V, H, L, C, K, E). 
If what is entered is not a number, it should be indicated with an alert and ask again. 
The process must be repeated until the user presses «cancel».
/// El número debe ser entre 0 y 99999999 Debemos calcular el resto de la división entera entre el número y el número 23. 
///Según el resultado, de 0 a 22, le corresponderá una letra de las siguientes: 
///(T, R, W, A, G, M, Y, F, P, D, X, B, N, J, Z, S, Q, V, H, L, C, K, E).
///Si lo introducido no es un número deberá indicarse con un alert y volver a preguntar.
///Deberá de repetirse el proceso hasta que el usuario pulse «cancelar».

Commit message:

modified readme.md with exs done

README.md, after:

# Installation

- npm install

## Run tests

- npm test

### Compilation of JavaScript exercises / Ejercicios de Javascript.

1.- Write a program that writes on screen a text that says "Hello World" /// Escribe un programa que escriba en la pantalla un texto que diga “Hello World”. ~Done~

2.- Write a one-line program that prints the result of adding 3 + 5 to the screen. /// Escribe un programa de una sola línea que escriba en la pantalla el resultado de sumar 3 + 5. ~Done~

3.- Write a program that asks for the user's name with a prompt and writes a text that says "Hello username" /// Escribe un programa que pida el nombre del usuario con un prompt y escriba un texto que diga “Hola nombreUsuario”.  ~Done~

4.- Write a program that asks for one number, asks for another number, and writes the result of adding these two numbers. /// Escribe un programa que pida un número, pida otro número y escriba el resultado de sumar estos dos números. ~Done~

5.- Write a program that asks for two numbers and writes to the screen which is the greater. /// Escribe un programa que pida dos números y escriba en la pantalla cual es el mayor. ~Done & tested~

6.- Write a program that asks for 3 numbers and writes the largest of the three to the screen. /// Escribe un programa que pida 3 números y escriba en la pantalla el mayor de los tres. ~Done & tested~

7.- Write a program that asks for a number and tells if it is divisible by 2 /// Escribe un programa que pida un número y diga si es divisible por 2. ~Done & tested~

8.- Write a program that asks for a phrase and writes how many times the letter a appears. /// Escribe un programa que pida una frase y escriba cuantas veces aparece la letra a. ~Done & tested~

9.- Write a program that asks for a phrase and writes the vowels that appear /// Escribe un programa que pida una frase y escriba las vocales que aparecen. ~Done & tested~

10.- Write a program that asks for a phrase and writes how many vowels are in the phrase. /// Escribe un programa que pida una frase y escriba cuantas vocales hay en la frase. ~Done & tested~

11.- Write a program that asks for a phrase and writes how many times each of the vowels appears /// Escribe un programa que pida una frase y escriba cuántas veces aparecen cada una de las vocales

12.- Write a program that asks for a number and tells us if it is divisible by 2, 3, 5 or 7 (you just have to check if it is divisible by one of the four) /// Escribe un programa que pida un número y nos diga si es divisible por 2, 3, 5 o 7 (sólo hay que comprobar si lo es por uno de los cuatro)

13.- Add to the previous exercise: program should tells us by which of the four it is divisible (we must say all by which it is divisible) /// Añadir al ejercicio anterior: que nos diga por cuál de los cuatro es divisible (hay que decir todos por los que es divisible)

14.- Write a program that prints the divisors of a given number to the screen. /// Escribir un programa que escriba en pantalla los divisores de un número dado

15.- Write a program that prints to the screen the common divisors of two given numbers. /// Escribir un programa que escriba en pantalla los divisores comunes de dos números dados

16.- Write a program that tells us if a given number is prime (it is not divisible by any number other than itself or the unit) /// Escribir un programa que nos diga si un número dado es primo (no es divisible por ninguno otro número que no sea él mismo o la unidad)

17.- Create a program that asks for the age and if he is over 18 indicates that he can drive. /// Crea un programa que pida la edad y si es mayor de 18 indica que puede conducir. ~Done & tested~

18.- Ask for a note (number). Shows the grade according to the note: /// Pide una nota (número). Muestra la calificación según la nota: 0-3: Too poor /// Muy deficiente 3-5: Insufficient /// Insuficiente 5-6: Pass /// Suficiente 6-7: Good /// Bien 7-9: Remarkable /// Notable 9-10: Outstanding /// Sobresaliente. ~Done & tested~

19.- Calculate the letter of the ID. The algorithm to calculate the letter of the ID is as follows: /// Calcula la letra del DNI (Documento nacional de identidad). El algoritmo para calcular la letra del dni es el siguiente :

The number must be between 0 and 99999999. 
We must calculate the remainder of the integer division between the number and the number 23. 
Depending on the result, from 0 to 22, one of the following letters will correspond:
(T, R, W, A, G, M, Y, F, P, D, X, B, N, J, Z, S, Q, V, H, L, C, K, E). 
If what is entered is not a number, it should be indicated with an alert and ask again. 
The process must be repeated until the user presses «cancel».
/// El número debe ser entre 0 y 99999999 Debemos calcular el resto de la división entera entre el número y el número 23. 
///Según el resultado, de 0 a 22, le corresponderá una letra de las siguientes: 
///(T, R, W, A, G, M, Y, F, P, D, X, B, N, J, Z, S, Q, V, H, L, C, K, E).
///Si lo introducido no es un número deberá indicarse con un alert y volver a preguntar.
///Deberá de repetirse el proceso hasta que el usuario pulse «cancelar». ~Done & tested~
